[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jimmy: IN THE MOVIES WHEN
THE -- OR TV WHEN THERE'S
SOMETHING GOING ON, SOME BIG
EVENT IN THE WORLD, SOMEBODY
ALWAYS SAYS, WAKE THE PRESIDENT.
>> YEAH.
>> Jimmy: THEN SOMEBODY HAS TO
WAKE THE PRESIDENT.
>> RIGHT.
>> Jimmy: DOES THAT HAPPEN?
FIRST OF ALL.
>> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I HAVE A
PHONE RIGHT BY MY BEDSIDE.
>> Jimmy: YES.
>> AND EVERY MORNING, SOMEBODY
CALLS AND SAYS, MR. PRESIDENT,
IT'S YOUR 7:00 A.M. WAKEUP CALL,
AND I PICK IT UP.
AND IT WORKS JUST LIKE A PHONE.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> THAT'S IT.
>> Jimmy: NOBODY POKES HIS HEAD
IN?
>> NO.
>> Jimmy: HOPEFULLY YOU'RE
COVERED UP OR WHATEVER?
>> NO.
LOOK, THERE HAVE BEEN MAYBE
THREE OR FOUR INSTANCES WHERE
YOU DO GET A CALL IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT.
FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN THE TYPHOON
HIT JAPAN.
FUKUSHIMA.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
>> YOU'RE NOT SURE EXACTLY WHAT
IS GOING TO BE HAPPENING, IT'S
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WORLD, SO
IT'S THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
WE HAD TO DEPLOY OUR EXPERTS AND
OUR MILITARY TO MAKE SURE THAT
ANY POTENTIAL NUCLEAR DISASTER
WAS CONTAINED AND WE HELPED THE
JAPANESE.
SO THINGS LIKE THAT WILL HAPPEN
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE.
BUT FOR THE MOST PART --
>> Jimmy: THEY LET YOU SLEEP?
>> FOR THE MOST PART THEY LET ME
SLEEP.
USUALLY THE REAL SERIOUS
PROBLEMS THAT COME UP ARE ONES
THAT WE'VE ANTICIPATED.
WE CAN KIND OF SEE COMING.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU HATE --
>> KNOCK ON WOOD, I'VE ONLY GOT
TWO OR THREE MONTHS LEFT.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> YOU HAVE TO BE READY IF
SOMETHING HAPPENS.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT, YOU HAVE TO BE
READY.
>> BUT AS I'VE MENTIONED BEFORE,
WHAT I DON'T DO IS LIKE A 3:00
A.M. -- I DON'T TWEET.
>> Jimmy: YOU DON'T TWEET IN THE
MORNING?